README.md, before:

# Castlevania-SotN
This is a remake of Symphony Of The Night


### How to use:
   - This project made in **Unity** to build the project you must have unity installed you can download free version of [2019.1.13](https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.1.13)
   and any component for build target you have or download it from [here](https://forum.unity.com/threads/unity-on-linux-release-notes-and-known-issues.350256/page-2#post-4458286)
   it is highly recommended to use this version of unity ((Cause project made in this version ofcourse))
   - After installing **Unity Editor** you need to addd these files to your project, The easiest way i think would be:
     1. Cloning the repository into a folder of your *local Computer*
     2. Make a **2D project** with your Editor installed
     3. Go to the folder where project created and replace the files and folders inside of it with the one that you've cloned
     4. Go to editor window again and wait a while until project load completely then you will see all the project
     5. Click File>Build Settings or ***Ctrl+Shift+B*** and from there you can build the project for your target platform
   - The windows build is placed under **Release** folder

Commit message:

delete release folder from project

README.md, after:

# Castlevania-SotN
This is a remake of Symphony Of The Night


### How to build:
   - This project made in **Unity** to build the project you must have unity installed you can download free version of [2019.1.13](https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.1.13)
   and any component for build target you have or download it from [here](https://forum.unity.com/threads/unity-on-linux-release-notes-and-known-issues.350256/page-2#post-4458286)
   it is highly recommended to use this version of unity ((Cause project made in this version ofcourse))
   - After installing **Unity Editor** you need to addd these files to your project, The easiest way i think would be:
     1. Cloning the repository into a folder of your *local Computer*
     2. Make a **2D project** with your Editor installed
     3. Go to the folder where project created and replace the files and folders inside of it with the one that you've cloned
     4. Go to editor window again and wait a while until project load completely then you will see all the project
     5. Click File>Build Settings or ***Ctrl+Shift+B*** and from there you can build the project for your target platform

### How to use:
    - Windows build installer is located in the **Release** tab of the project
